the first time I discovered We Bought a
Zoo was at a multiplex in Burbank
believe it or not the theater was
completely empty and it was magic it was
like it was just me and Matt and the
animals so your question is why did you
buy this place
why not why not makes two words feel
like three words I guess I just don't
understand how you can call this place
home you know what like this it's our
home he shows you how he's able to hear
words and then repeat them back I mean I
thought you liked me I thought this was
a dream come true your dream
the thing about matters you can see how
hard he's working it's so effortful for
him some pretty great people too I've
goose bumps I see that a hundred times I
used to still have goose bumps
he brought a zoo we did that we bought a
zoo and he made it work that's the thing
about Matt you know he has almost no
discernible talent but he works
and now to present the Award for Best
Original Screenplay two-time Academy
Award winner Ben Affleck and guess
[Music]
[Applause]
and guess wow really yeah you know it's
like plus one I know what a guest is I
actually liked that performance in that
movie really the great Alfred Hitchcock
was once asked what are the key elements
of making a memorable movie he said to
make a great film you need three things
the script the script and the script
this year's screenplays proved him right
through their creative storytelling and
inspirational themes the nominees
include a story of two brothers I am
like God
come on what is with the mute to my
being played
you can't think I'm just presenting
do you love clicking buttons and
subscribing to things then click the
button to subscribe to my channel and
you'll finally be happy